Reference documentation for the CSS Custom highlight API (#23907)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/highlightregistry/set/index.md

---
title: HighlightRegistry.set()
slug: Web/API/HighlightRegistry/set
page-type: web-api-instance-method
tags:
  - API
  - Method
  - CSS Custom Highlight API
  - Reference
  - set
browser-compat: api.HighlightRegistry.set
---

{{APIRef("CSS Custom Highlight API")}}

The **`set()`** method of the {{domxref("HighlightRegistry")}} interface adds or updates a {{domxref("Highlight")}} object in the registry with the specified name.

`HighlightRegistry` is a {{jsxref("Map")}}-like object, so this is similar to using {{jsxref("Map.set()")}}.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
set(name, highlight)
```

### Parameters

- `name`

>   - : The name of the `Highlight` object to add to the registry. The name must be a {{jsxref("String")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The name of the `Highlight` object to add or update. The name must be a {{jsxref("String")}}.
```

- `highlight`

>   - : The `Highlight` object to add to the registry. This must be a {{domxref("Highlight")}} interface instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The `Highlight` object to add or update. This must be a {{domxref("Highlight")}} interface instance.
```

### Return value

> The `HighlightRegistry` object is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `HighlightRegistry` object.
```
